c:\users\adin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\bin\Debug\FuelLogger.dll
c:\users\adin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\bin\Debug\FuelLogger.pdb
c:\users\adin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\adin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\adin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\adin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\adin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\adin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\adin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\adin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\adin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\adin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\adin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\adin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\adin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\adin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\adin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\obj\Debug\FuelLogger.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\adin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\obj\Debug\FuelLogger.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\adin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\obj\Debug\FuelLogger.dll
c:\users\adin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\obj\Debug\FuelLogger.pdb
c:\users\adin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\obj\Debug\FuelLogger.dll.mdb
c:\users\adin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\bin\Debug\FuelLogger.dll.mdb
c:\users\adin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\obj\Debug\FuelLogger.dll.mdb
c:\users\adin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\FuelLogger\bin\Debug\FuelLogger.dll.mdb
